All right, guys.
So this is kind of an aside from the rest of the section, I just want to give you a different option.
If you don't want to deal with node sass and deal with the terminal, although I think it's easier than
using this this graphical program.
But nevertheless, I want to give you the the option.
So if you go to Koala App.com, you can download this program.
It's for Windows as well as Mac, and it's a gooey program and it compiles both sass and less.
So I already have it installed.
So if you download, install it just like any other piece of software and then open it up, it'll look
like this.
Now I also have VTS code open and I just created a test folder just to give you an example here and
I'm going to structure this just like we did in the last video, we'll have an SAS folder where we'll
have any SAS and then we'll create another folder called Dist and inside Dist, we're going to have
a folder called CSS and most likely, most likely an index HTML.
Like that.
All right.
Now in Koala, I'm going to say plus sign to add a project and I'm going to choose from desktop test.
Okay.
So we'll select that and.
Um.
Let's see.
So we don't have any SAS files, so let's create in SAS.
I'm going to create a new file called Main SAS.
Refresh that.
So now it sees that we have a SAS file.
Now by default when it compiles, it'll put the CSS file in the same folder in success.
We want to direct it to go into the CSS in the dist.
So we'll go to set output path and we're going to choose dist CSS.
Okay.
Please select the CSS file.
So we have to actually create the CSV file.
So we'll do main dot CSS like that and then let's do it again.
Set output path to dist CSS.
Main CSS.
Replace.
So now this is this is running.
We can go ahead and minimize this.
Now, when I write some sass in this main, so I'll do the same thing.
I'll do a color red body and let's do background.
Set it to color.
And when I save that, if I look in the main dot CSS, you'll see that a compiled.
It also creates a source map.
I'm not going to go over that, but you'll see there's a main dot CSS map as well.
So any time we change, like if I change this, actually what we'll do is we'll go to our index HTML
and let's include that CSS.
So we want to go see CSS slash main CSS.
All right.
If we go ahead and open this with a live server.
Actually live servers are already running.
So.
Let me just sit.
Where is all right?
Here.
So I'm just going to stop live server from running.
I'm going to stop node sass and live server.
So now if I run live server from here, this is the test folder where we use Koala.
And if I go to my SAS and I change this to, let's say, green and save, you'll see that it changes.
All right.
So if you're more comfortable using Koala using the graphical interface, then by all means you can
do that.
However, we're going to stick to Node SAS.
All right.
So I just wanted to kind of add this as an aside to to give you another option.
Also, if you want to look into extensions, if we search for SAS and VS code, this right here live
SAS compiler will actually compile your SAS for you as well.
If you want to look into that, there's just there's so many different programs you can use, really.
So whatever works for you.
All right.
So I'm going to stop this.
I'm not going to use this anymore.
This test folder that I created, I just wanted to give you an example.
In fact, I'm going to just delete my project here and koala.
All right.
So in the next video, we're going to jump back into our SAS sandbox and we'll start to look at some
of the features.